readme.md, before:

# styled-jsx-container

!!! 0.1.x versions won't work, still figuring out why, will update to 1.0.0 once it's fully functionning. Actively working on it. Please check the following [issue](https://github.com/grave-tender/styled-jsx-container/issues/1).

This is a copy of [styled-jsx](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx) version 5.1.1 used by Nextjs@13.3.1 modified to support container queries via [stylis-cq](https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylis-cq). This is theorically an exact copy of styled-jsx set to use stylis-cq instead of stylis.

## Getting started

Firstly, install the package:

```bash
npm install --save styled-jsx-container
```

Next, add `styled-jsx-container/babel` to `plugins` in your babel configuration:

```json
{
  "plugins": ["styled-jsx-container/babel"]
}
```

The rest of the configuration and documentation will be the exact same as the original [styled-jsx v5.1.1](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx)

Big thanks to [Ange](https://github.com/angeblecon) as he's the one who first figured out how to add the container query.

Commit message:

v0.1.13 debugging plugin compatibility.
it somehow doesn't see any plugin even if they worked before in the local version. Putting this here with console logs on purpose to see if any of the plugins make it in here or not, is it babel not giving me the plugins or is it this package somehow breaking the plugins? Very interested in getting nesting plugins working with this.

readme.md, after:

# styled-jsx-container

!!! 0.1.x versions won't work, still figuring out why, will update to 1.0.0 once it's fully functionning. Actively working on it. Please check the following [issue](https://github.com/grave-tender/styled-jsx-container/issues/1). Currently trying to fix plugin compatibility.

This is a copy of [styled-jsx](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx) version 5.1.1 used by Nextjs@13.3.1 modified to support container queries via [stylis-cq](https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylis-cq). This is theorically an exact copy of styled-jsx set to use stylis-cq instead of stylis.

## Getting started

Firstly, install the package:

```bash
npm install --save styled-jsx-container
```

Next, add `styled-jsx-container/babel` to `plugins` in your babel configuration:

```json
{
  "plugins": ["styled-jsx-container/babel"]
}
```

The rest of the configuration and documentation will be the exact same as the original [styled-jsx v5.1.1](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx)

Big thanks to [Ange](https://github.com/angeblecon) as he's the one who first figured out how to add the container query.
